docs: grab workload version in k8s tutorial (#2559)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/observe-your-charm-with-cos-lite.md

Reviewer: (Unrelated to your changes) The dependency specifier in `pyproject.toml` in the example charm is missing `,<2`. Would you mind adding it while we're here?

Author: I'm more than happy to. 

It has been added.

Reviewer: (Not related to your changes) Fixing a mismatch between the tutorial and the example charm:

```suggestion
def test_deploy_cos(charm: pathlib.Path, cos: jubilant.Juju):
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def test_integrate_loki(charm: pathlib.Path, juju: jubilant.Juju, cos: jubilant.Juju):
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def test_loki_data(charm: pathlib.Path, cos: jubilant.Juju):
```

The existing integration tests use a model that is created by the `juju` fixture. We'll define a similar fixture that creates a separate model for COS Lite.

> First, in `tests/integration/test_charm.py`, import `json` and `time` from the standard library. Then import `pytest` and `pytest_jubilant`, which are already dependencies of your charm. We also need a new dependency `requests`. Run the following command to add it:

Reviewer: I think there's a (small) chance that the reader will miss that they need to import `requests`. How about this adjusted wording:

```suggestion
First, in `tests/integration/test_charm.py`, import `json` and `time` from the standard library. Then import `pytest` and `pytest_jubilant`, which are already dependencies of your charm. Also import `requests`, which is a new dependency. Run the following command to add `requests` as a dependency:
```

> First, in `tests/integration/test_charm.py`, import `json` and `time` from the standard library. Then import `pytest` and `pytest_jubilant`, which are already dependencies of your charm. Also import `requests`, which is a new dependency. Run the following command to add `requests` as a dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, in `tests/integration/test_charm.py`, import `json` and `time` from the standard library. Then import `pytest` and `pytest_jubilant`, which are already dependencies of the integration tests. Also import `requests`, which is a new dependency. Run the following command to add `requests` as a dependency:
```

```text

> uv add requests

Reviewer: We need to specify the group too (sorry, I didn't realise this earlier)

```suggestion
uv add --group integration requests
```

Author: No problem at all. I completely missed this detail too :smile:

```python
@pytest.mark.juju_setup

> def test_deploy_cos(charm: pathlib.Path, cos: jubilant.Juju):

Reviewer 2: Is this a driveby fix? Why do we need `charm` here (and below)?

Author: Yep, it's a driveby fix. See the original [discussion](https://github.com/canonical/operator/pull/2559#discussion_r3464830727)

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with aligning with the examples as a driveby in this PR. But it seems to me that the tutorial is correct not to request the `charm` fixture in tests that don't need it, and we should update the examples instead. WDYT @dwilding?

Reviewer: We previously standardised the profiles, examples, and docs (e.g., [How to write integration tests for a charm](https://canonical.com/juju/docs/ops/latest/howto/write-integration-tests-for-a-charm/#test-a-relation)) to depend on the `charm` fixture even when it's not needed. That's so that all tests fail fast if the charm hasn't been packed. When I added integration tests to the COS chapter, I took that approach in the example charm, but I forgot to take the same approach in the chapter source.

Reviewer 2: Ah I see, that makes sense, thanks for explaining.
